[Music]
welcome jet traveler aren't you excited
about this trip before you fly off to
that long-awaited vacay you have one
task get to your gate without giving in
to the airport sly ways of separating
you from your moolah think you can do it
well it all starts in number one the
parking lot parking at the airport costs
a fortune you can pay less if there's a
nearby park and go building or at the
hotel next to the airport if there is
one if there isn't take a cab ride
service or Airport train instead there's
always a trade-off between cost and
convenience number two long waiting
times airports encourage you to arrive
early to clear security checks and not
miss your flight
but chances are you'll have loads of
free time so you'll just end up hanging
out in the cafes shops and restaurants
until boarding time you can spend less
if you plan ahead have a good hearty
meal before you head to the airport
bring sealed snacks and take a water
bottle to fill up at the drinking
fountains we usually end up spending on
food and drinks because you can't go
without number three limiting liquids
yes the 3-1-1 liquids rule is for
security reasons but do you pack a
travel sized bottle of water or juice
with you nope
you got to buy that once you get through
security hence the refillable bottle I
just mentioned sure you can only get
water but it's better than overspending
on refreshments number four Airport
layout airports are designed with a
specific goal in mind
get travelers to spend more if you're
right-handed like 90% of the population
then you instinctively look to the right
as you walk through the curves leaning
to the left and before you know it you
find yourself in one of those
cool-looking shops on the way next time
you're surrounded by all these retail
spots just keep walking and your bank
account will keep smiling
number five duty-free shopping now for
your bank accounts worst nightmare
duty-free it's the first thing you see
after security you know right after they
throw away your soda and your four ounce
shampoo and when you go to replace what
you lost or to just pass the time you'll
be paying heavily for it
even without the duties and taxes that
doesn't mean goods will be cheap
significant markups are padded on most
items even with that alluring duty-free
label on it number six
bright spacious stores ever notice how
big and spacious Airport stores are oh
how convenient that means I can still
shop well toting all these bags around
that's the idea you might find that
you're drawn to the stores with access
to direct light those big windows
everywhere sure help well don't fall for
it bright cider number seven sales
promos and bonuses congratulations
you've made it through duty-free without
giving in to the temptation but your
task isn't over yet you'll still find
yourself in the middle of the main
shopping area with all kinds of stores
and restaurants around careful this is
where you'll likely spend more time
until your boarding call you'll quickly
notice all kinds of banners for big
discounts buy one get one offers
freebies food and fragrant samples you
might even see a well displayed handbag
mark free the catch you must spend a
minimum amount on other store items
number eight self-serve kiosks yes a
convenience and life saver for those of
us who'd rather just do it ourselves
check yourself in grab something to eat
and swipe your debit card when you take
out the Human Service Provider
it's been proven that efficiency and
speed go up you should know by now what
that means more idle time to shop number
nine
carpeted walkways when it comes to
walking around the airport carpets
create a calming effect that hard
flooring doesn't studies have shown that
relaxed passengers spend seven
more at retail stores and 10% more at
duty-free I think I'll be more relaxed
knowing that I'm not blowing money on
overpriced stuff nice carpet though
number 10 sample services free massage
free sample yoga sessions try it out
without spending a dime if it really is
free then why not do it just remember
that as you're lying on that massage
table getting your muscles smooshed
around you're vulnerable to all kinds of
sales talk about this salons other
amazing services that you can get for a
price number 11 limited Wi-Fi Oh what do
you know you have a 30-minute to one
hour limit on the air poor Wi-Fi great
hey at least it's working can't tell you
how many times it hasn't connected for
me when mobile data wasn't an option is
poor or limited Wi-Fi a sneaky way to
get me to pass the time shopping and
eating perhaps instead of depending on
the Internet
bring offline options like books
magazines or downloaded videos to stay
busy at no cost number 12
pricey dining uh-oh is that your tummy
grumbling you can probably see
nice-looking restaurants with big
windows and relaxing music why because
studies show that if travelers are 1%
more satisfied then airport sales go up
by one and a half percent and happy
guests that hang out longer enjoying the
atmosphere and ordering more food are in
a restaurants interest they're paying
sky-high rent for that airport location
if you want to dine in at a restaurant
instead of packing a security approved
lunch consider coupon sites just call
the restaurant in advance to confirm
they'll accept it 13 strategically
located walk through stores some newer
airports have special open concept store
layouts for when you're walking towards
your departure gate the risk of spending
is super-high now because you're
literally in the store as you head to
where you're going
don't let them trick you into browsing
their shelves or maybe look at the floor
just
number fourteen waiting to announce
boarding the airport doesn't want you to
just sit or sleep in the waiting area at
your gate until it's time to board
uh-huh they want you on your feet and
exploring I'll say they make the fact
very clear by installing probably the
most uncomfortable chairs they could
find but they also don't announce
boarding times until the last minute why
tell all passengers on a certain flight
that they'll be leaving in an hour when
you can cut that warning down to twenty
to thirty minutes so that they'll spend
more time in the stores number fifteen a
long way to the gate okay you know all
these tricks the airport is trying to
pull on you you're determined to get to
your gate without spending an extra
penny can your willpower make the long
walk to the gate not only are you
passing through an array of shopping
temptations left and right but they
never seem to end just keep telling
yourself I can get all this stuff at a
much more reasonable price outside of
this Airport yes I can yes I can number
sixteen last minute offers at this point
you've resisted many temptations and
you're finally approaching your gate but
what's that last minute retail offers no
don't be so relaxed to the point you end
up unexpectedly spending again when
you're so close to your goal number
seventeen unexpected delays Congrats
you've made it to your gate but your
flights been delayed awesome if you've
got a long delay and it's time to eat
try to figure out where the airport
cafeteria is I'm talking about the one
where employees go even if it's far from
your departure gate it's still worth it
besides you probably have time the
convenience stores pre-packed meals are
another option if you end up deciding to
go to a restaurant you'll need to pay
the price for it number eighteen
currency exchange so you eventually
boarded the plane and now you've arrived
at the destination Airport you
need to change your money since you're
traveling International Airport currency
exchange boots how convenient
but you'll pay the price for such a
convenience wait till you get settled in
because fees are much lower and rates
are better outside the airport better
still go to the ATM your bank may charge
you fees but I bet they're lower than
the exchange counters number 19 souvenir
stores don't rush into that souvenir
shop either again wait until you get
settled in the city or wherever you're
vacationing local shops outside the
airport are much cheaper and they offer
way more variety same goes for if you're
heading back home and forgot to get
something try to get all your souvenirs
at local markets and stores put a
reminder in your phone if you must
number 20
that refunds all right it's time to head
back home from your European vacation
did you manage to get lots of goodies to
bring back home those purchases likely
included the standard VAT or value-added
tax don't forget to go to the vet refund
counter at the airport you can present
your receipt and get your money back so
are you gonna go back and shop again or
keep that cash in your wallet as you
make your way to the departure gate how
tempting Hey if any of these tips will
help you out
they give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life